refactor(recovery): add  section that describes how recovery could be monitor with logging (#1339)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/fault-tolerance.md

### Monitoring

> It exists two ways to monitor the recovery mechanism : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to monitor the recovery mechanism : 
```

  * `bonita.xxx.log` file

>   * Metrics Prometheus published   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Metrics
```

 INFO (internalTasksScheduler-1) org.bonitasoft.engine.tenant.restart.RecoveryMonitor Restarting elements...Handled 5000 of 12006 elements candidates to be recovered in PT0.188S
 INFO (internalTasksScheduler-1) org.bonitasoft.engine.tenant.restart.RecoveryMonitor Restarting elements...Handled 6000 of 12006 elements candidates to be recovered in PT0.223S
 INFO (internalTasksScheduler-1) org.bonitasoft.engine.tenant.restart.RecoveryMonitor Restarting elements...Handled 7000 of 12006 elements candidates to be recovered in PT0.259S
 INFO (internalTasksScheduler-1) org.bonitasoft.engine.tenant.restart.RecoveryMonitor Restarting elements...Handled 8000 of 12006 elements candidates to be recovered in PT0.3S
 INFO (internalTasksScheduler-1) org.bonitasoft.engine.tenant.restart.RecoveryMonitor Restarting elements...Handled 9000 of 12006 elements candidates to be recovered in PT0.335S
 INFO (internalTasksScheduler-1) org.bonitasoft.engine.tenant.restart.RecoveryMonitor Restarting elements...Handled 10000 of 12006 elements candidates to be recovered in PT0.374S

>  INFO (internalTasksScheduler-1) org.bonitasoft.engine.tenant.restart.RecoveryMonitor Restarting elements...Handled 11000 of 12006 elements candidates to be recovered in PT0.414S

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[...]
```

 INFO (internalTasksScheduler-1) org.bonitasoft.engine.tenant.restart.RecoveryMonitor Restarting elements...Handled 12000 of 12006 elements candidates to be recovered in PT0.452S
 INFO (internalTasksScheduler-1) org.bonitasoft.engine.tenant.restart.RecoveryMonitor Recovery of elements executed, 12006 elements recovered.
```

> #### Metrics Prometheus published  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Metrics
```
